Welcome new contributors!
In this experience, you are a doer. You take action first, and learn about the action afterwards. This design helps you get comfortable in the unknown, an entity that is omnipresent in the coding world. If you're feeling confused, that's ok. Read the instructions carefully, trust the process, and have fun!

To help guide you through the experience, there will be comment blocks (like the one your reading now) that explains just enough context before your next action.

Open Source and GitHub
An open source project is any code that can be freely used, changed, and shared by anyone. An open source project usually contains a license that declares specific terms of use. Open source projects are important because they help develop and spread great ideas and push technology forward.

GitHub is a website that hosts open source projects. A project on GitHub is called a repository (or repo), a folder that holds code. GitHub allows people to collaborate on a repo through features like issues and pull requests. By the end of this experience, you'll understand how to use these features to contribute your ideas to other projects.

Issues
Issues (like this one) allow people to track and discuss any task related to the project. Issues are not always problems with the code. They can also be feature requests or questions about how to use the code.

To help organize the project, issues can be tagged with one or more label. When you graduate from this project and are looking for more ways to contribute, look for projects with issues tagged with labels help wanted, good first issue, up-for-grabs, first-timers-only, or something similarly inviting.

Your turn
Now that you have a bit of context about the experience, continue reading the body of the issue to learn how to fix it.

We're off to an amazing start disrupting the calculator industry. Our beautiful contributors burned all of last week's midnight oil to release our first version and the initial reception has been unprecedented!

After a code review from some experts, we've learned that there's some unnecessary repetition in the codebase. Removing this repetition will make our codebase easier to maintain as we continue to grow into the world's best calculator company.

The team is burnt out from last week's push and needs your help! Before blowing half of our capital investment on a vacation in the Swiss Alps, the team managed to write some tests for this refactor, and left behind a roadmap to the next big release:

 Read the contributing guidelines
 Build the project locally
 Go to this line and change describe.skip to describe.only
 Run npm test
 Notice that the tests are failing
 Implement _check to make the tests pass
 Change the describe.only to describe so all the tests run
 Run npm test again
 Make sure that all the tests are passing
 Submit a pull request
 
This experience can be completed my multiple people. Below, you'll see references https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/github/writing-on-github/autolinked-references-and-urls#issues-and-pull-requests to this issue from various other contributors. You can ignore them.

